[theme music]
[breathing heavily]
[ominous music playing]
[approaching footsteps]
[breathing heavily]
[Hye-jin gasps]
[sighs in relief]
Ms. Dentist?
Your clinic closed hours ago.
-You shouldn't be out so late--
-[Hye-jin pants]
[mellow music playing]
[mellow music continues playing]
-[Yong-hun] Excuse me.
-[gasps]
You dropped this.
Ah! I'll leave it here.
[chuckles softly]
Sorry, just go back,
back to what you were doing.
Oh, no.
[light music playing]
Ah!
[clears throat]
-It's not broken. That's good.
-[chuckles]
-[Hye-jin chuckles]
-Ah, that is good.
Good thing Korea makes such sturdy phones.
Yeah. Of course. After all,
we are an IT powerhouse.
-I gotta go.
-Okay.
[both clear throat]
Aah.
[sighs]
Get home safe.
Oh, yeah. Thank you.
Mm-hm.
-[door lock beeping]
-[door opens, closes]
[breathes deeply]
You were just startled.
That's all.
Oh, it's hot.
Why are you so hot?
Oh!
[exhales deeply]
[light music playing]
[sighs deeply]
The feng shui is awful.
[sighs]
[exhales deeply]
[sighs deeply]
[sighs]
[breathes deeply]
[exhales deeply]
[light music playing]
Tae kwon do!
[whistling]
[Du-sik humming]
[automated voice] Please touch
the anti-static pad for your safety.
-Please select your method of payment.
-How are you paying? Card or cash?
-Uh, I'm paying with a card.
-All right, press this.
[automated voice]
Please select the fuel…
-Diesel, right? Press this right here.
-Right.
[automated voice] You selected diesel.
-Input the amount of fuel you want.
-How much?
-Fifty thousand won.
-Fifty thousand won. All right.
Please insert your credit card facing up.
-You got your card?
-Oh, right. Yeah.
[automated voice]
Checking your fingerprint.
Now, hit "confirm".
-Okay, there you go. All set.
-[Tae-hwa] Okay.
-Fuel up.
-Uh-huh.
[Du-sik] Make sure
you touch the anti-static pad.
Thank you so much.
Uh, sure. No worries. It can be confusing.
They're replacing everything
with computers now.
-It can be confusing for elderly people.
-[chuckles]
[phone rings]
Yeah?
Right now?
Is it the standard size?
Okay, I'll stop by.
All right.
Are you done?
Yeah, I'm almost done.
We should've gone
to a regular gas station.
[automated voice] Refueling is complete.
Can you believe that guy?
The way he spoke down to me?
Did he?
-[automated voice] Thank you for using…
-I think so.
[grunts]
[exhales deeply]
[romantic music playing]
[sighs deeply]
Hello, Dr. Yoon.
Working out early in the morning?
Yeah, I was feeling
a bit heavy this morning.
I see. Your heart's not feeling too heavy.
Huh?
I know.
-Know what?
-Mr. Ban told me about it, so…
[chuckles]
He said you and Chief Hong
were passionately embracing
-each other last night.
-He did?
Don't worry. I'm not babbling
about it or anything.
Uh, that's not… Uh, really…
Oh, girl. I totally get it.
You spent the night at Chief Hong,
but you're also interested in Director Ji.
You're torn between these two. I get it.
No. No, you're completely mistaken.
Don't worry. I get it.
I totally understand.
Your secret's safe with me, okay?
I'm rooting for you here.
This is great.
[chuckles]
-Good luck.
-[groans]
[Nam-suk chuckles]
See ya!
Seriously? It looks like she's
pretty excited for someone with a secret.
Don't you worry about a thing!
I won't tell anyone!
-Oh, my.
-[Nam-suk] Trust me!
[murmurs]
[gasps]
Dad. Um, um… what…
Had you told me you were coming,
I would've cleaned up a bit. Oh.
I didn't want to come.
Unbelievable.
He doesn't mean that.
We were in the area. He wanted
to come over and tell you "hi".
I told him
we should call you first, but he insisted.
-I see.
-Uh…
Where's the bathroom?
It's over there.
[Hye-jin sighs]
-Have a seat.
-[Myeong-sin] Okay.
[both gasp]
-[Hye-jin] Oh, goodness!
-Oh, ooh, ooh!
What now… Chief Hong.
-Who's "Chief Hong"?
-Huh? Oh.
What are you doing here?
I came to fix your shower.
The showerhead burst.
-I got completely soaked.
-Uh… I…
The new head you got is way strong.
Why did you come in without me here?
Ms. Pyo just left.
She told me to fix it while you were gone.
[sighs]
Oh, my God.
Okay, then. See ya.
-I charge.
-[Hye-jin] What?
For the work.
[sighs]
Okay. I'll wire it.
-Leave.
-Come on.
-Don't push me. My bag's still here.
-Ah…
Fine. I'm leaving.
-Okay. Thank you.
-[Tae-hwa] Stop there!
Actually, maybe you can pay it.
So you're Chief Hong, I'm assuming?
Uh-huh. That's me.
I'm her father.
I thought you might be.
[grunts]
Did you fill up your car all right?
Yes, we did. Thank you very much.
-No, it was my pleasure.
-[Hye-jin] You met him?
Yeah. I helped him pump some gas.
[Du-sik groans]
Do you visit her a lot?
Well… yeah, pretty often, I would say.
Dad. Just let me explain--
What's going on between you two?
-Huh?
-From what I've heard,
you've been spending
the night together. Is that right?
-Uh…
-Well…
-Dad. Let me--
-I'm afraid I can't answer that
with a simple yes or no.
Also, am I right you were
hugging each other last night, huh?
I can explain that one.
[groans]
Can we stop holding our hands?
Right. This is on purpose.
[chuckles]
I'll explain if you just let go.
There's no need. I already heard it.
Besides, I even caught him at your house.
I'm smart not to figure it out.
-I said I'd explain everything, just--
-No, no. I'll do it.
You are smart, and you're right. Hye-jin…
and I are a couple.
[gasps]
Oh! My, my!
Ooh…
Oh, my. Okay, come on, honey.
[whimsical music playing]
Why'd you tell my dad that?
I had to survive.
What?
[gasps]
That's your reason? What does that mean?
How about he was crushing my hand, and I…
I figured this was
the simplest way to get out.
He wasn't going to be convinced otherwise.
Explaining myself wouldn't have worked,
so I pretended
to be your boyfriend, all right?
Now what happens?
What happens… You can say we broke up.
-[gasps]
-What can he do, right?
[scoffs]
My God.
So you're making me clean up the mess.
It's like a part-time gig.
A boyfriend for hire.
And you want me to pay you, right?
No. Just pay me for the showerhead.
[scoffs]
You're so just--
I'm just what? You don't like it?
All right,
why don't I tell them the truth?
[grunts]
Continue what you are doing.
What are you making? A rabbit?
Mm-hm. You know,
I have a fruit plating certificate.
Hop, hop. Hop, hop.
Oh, my. You sliced them so beautifully.
It's so pretty.
It's nothing. Enjoy.
[Myeong-sin chuckles]
Hye-jin, get up. Go now to your room.
No.
All right, then. Let's talk over there.
Uh, no.
-She says no.
-Oh, my. He's quite obedient to her.
Women know what's best, right?
[clears throat]
Well, he already knows the truth.
He's better than you are.
Oh, will you be quiet?
You're giving me an order?
It was a question. Forget about it.
[clears throat]
So, your real name?
-Du-sik.
-[sucks teeth]
-Sir.
-Age?
Thirty-five.
Sir.
And, um, how long
have you two been dating?
For about three months now.
What? A short time. How did you two
get to be so close so fast?
-Honey. Calm down and breathe, sweetheart.
-[breathes heavily]
Times have changed.
Don't be so old-fashioned.
Fine.
So tell me, what do you do for a living?
Just a lot of part-time jobs, you know?
What?
You're basically unemployed?
I'm currently experiencing
all the jobs in the world.
But if you wanna limit that
to having one job…
You'd be right.
Hye-jin, are you really…
dating an unemployed man?
Yeah, you could say that.
Uh, well…
I don't know why it matters so much.
I mean, I make enough money.
And he's a really good guy.
What?
[chuckles]
And he's not incompetent, you're making
him out to be a bum or something.
I mean, he's handsome, he's tall…
He went to SNU.
-SNU?
-Yeah.
Yes. He got in with the highest grades.
Chemistry, right?
-Engineering.
-[Hye-jin] Right.
-Aah.
-Anyway, he's been taking a break,
you know, enjoying his hometown.
Right?
Is that what's going on?
Of course, Dad. I'm not gonna invest
with someone without any goals.
She's right. She knows what she's doing.
All right. Let's go.
-Let's go see her new clinic.
-[clears throat]
[Myeong-sin]
We'll check out the neighborhood.
Sure. All right.
Okay. Let me show Du-sik out
and then we'll go. All right?
-You should show us around.
-Me, sir? Wha--
What? Why not?
Okay.
[chuckles]
[cheers]
Let's go, honey. Let's do it.
Are you insane? There are people
who will see us together, Du-sik.
It will be okay.
I have a pretty good idea.
Let's go.
[Du-sik exhales deeply]
I can't believe this.
Here.
-Eat slowly, sweetheart.
-[phone chimes]
Good boy.
-Thank you for the meal.
-Yeah, it's my pleasure.
[both chuckle]
[Mi-seon] This is an announcement
to our dear Gongjin residents.
[phone buzzes]
-Due to some unavoidable situation,
-[gasps]
-Chief Hong is pretending to be…
-Can you believe this?
-[Mi-seon] …Dr. Yoon's boyfriend.
-[Ju-ri] It's just wow.
-What?
-Huh?
[Mi-seon] We ask for your cooperation
in this role-playing.
Whoever contributes the most
will be rewarded
a 30-percent discount
at our dental clinic.
-[both] Thirty percent?
-[both gasp]
[both laugh]
Let's go!
[sighs]
[Seong-hyeon] Cut.
You guys are in a food coma, aren't you?
Yeah. I'm extremely drowsy.
Okay. Let's break for a couple of hours.
-Really?
-[Seong-hyeon] Yeah.
It's pretty warm out. I don't want people
getting heatstroke or anything.
We deserve to work under good conditions.
[all cheering]
Just make sure you stay inside
and get some rest.
-Okay.
Okay, then. We'll break now
and roll back by two o'clock.
-Yeah. Thanks, man
-Whoo.
See you later.
-Bye.
-Good work.
-Hello.
-[Mat-i] Hey.
-My goodness.
-Goodness.
You're gonna spill all of it.
No, I'm fine. Don't worry about it.
That must be very heavy.
Let me take it. Let me take it.
[Gam-ri] Huh? Gosh.
-Goodness.
-It's nothing much.
-We just made some potato rice cakes.
-Ah…
-Nothing much.
-[Mat-i] What?
We got up early to make all of these.
-Ooh, my back is about to break in half.
-[chuckles]
-[Mat-i] Goodness.
-Are you not filming now?
We're just taking a break.
-[Mat-i] Ah.
-I see.
This is really nice of you.
We'll have them later with everyone.
You should have one while they're fresh.
-Should I? Okay.
-Yeah.
Okay. Oh, my gosh. Check out this color.
[chuckles]
-I'm going in.
-Oh, wow.
It's scrumptious!
[laughs]
It's so chewy.
And what's inside? Is it beans?
That's right.
-Uh, they're kidney beans.
-Ah, so good.
I'm afraid they'll go bad quickly
-in this scorching heat.
-Oh, I can take them inside.
-You put them away in the fridge.
-Gosh. You fool.
-They'll harden in the fridge.
-Uh-huh.
It's sweet and salty.
It's got perfect texture.
-[chuckles]
-JUNE, try one.
Thank you.
By the way, JUNE,
are you still trying to lose weight?
No, ma'am. Thank you for this.
-Try it.
-[Gam-ri] Oh…
-Is it…
-Amazing.
[laughs]
-I'm so glad.
-It's so good.
One more.
-[Gam-ri] Is it that good?
-It's so great.
[chuckles]
[Du-sik] Isn't the ocean beautiful?
-[Myeong-sin] Yes, I love it.
-Right?
[Myeong-sin chuckles]
Isn't this neighborhood so cute?
Hmm. It's really nothing special.
Gosh. Hye-jin, why is your dad so boring?
[chuckles]
It's almost impossible to have
a conversation with him.
He's not impressed with anything.
I have no idea what he's thinking.
I know how tough it is to deal with people
like him. Does he sulk a lot?
Hey, I don't sulk.
-He definitely sulks all day long.
-What?
He sulks when his egg yolk breaks,
-when we run out of toilet paper--
-That's not true.
Ooh, that sounds rough.
Then you must've frowned quite a lot.
How do you not have wrinkles?
[chuckles]
Get out.
Your boyfriend is so funny.
You're lucky.
-[Geum-cheol] Don't worry.
-Here we go. Go ahead.
Oh, hello.
Gosh! It's Dr. Yoon and Chief Hong.
[chuckles]
No other couple in the neighborhood
can hold a candle to them.
Best couple ever.
[both laugh awkwardly]
[Geum-cheol] I agree.
My good friend Du-sik,
looking good today. Just like always.
Is this part of your plan?
-He's a terrible actor.
-You're so awkward.
Hello, you must be Dr. Yoon's parents.
-I'm Oh Yoon…
-What is he doing?
…the singer of the song
"Exercising in the Moonlight."
Uh, it's nice to meet you. Hello.
I guess you don't recognize me.
That's fine.
Chief Hong and I are pretty much brothers.
And Dr. Yoon and I often share thoughts
on music and culture.
I've prepared a little gift…
[chuckles]
-…for you two.
-Aah.
It's an autographed copy of my CD.
Pretty rare.
A lot of folks would love to have
one of these.
-Here you go.
-Stop, stop.
-What is he doing?
-And this is my poster. Please wait.
-Open it up.
-Oh.
It may not seem like much,
but it might be a remarkable gift
for your future generations.
I want you to have it.
-Thank you.
-No problem.
Hey, Du-sik.
Wow, have you been working out?
-You're so--
-Hello, sir, ma'am.
Welcome to Gongjin.
I'm the zone chief here.
Hello.
Thanks to Dr. Yoon, we finally have
a clinic where can get our teeth treated.
Yeah, yeah, yeah!
She's the owner of both my house
and the building the clinic's in.
-Goodness.
-[Myeong-sin] I see.
It's good to finally meet you.
Thank you for all your help.
[laughter]
I should be the one thanking you.
How about you come
to my place for some food?
Oh. Mm.
Why don't you come by my restaurant--
[muffled scream]
[laughter]
[Hwa-jeong] Okay? Bring them to my place.
Yeah, sure. Yeah.
-Yeah, yeah.
-It's this way.
That way.
-Goodbye.
-Oh no, that's all right.
See you later, guys!
[laughter]
[Tae-hwa] This neighborhood is a bit odd.
How did they… know who we are?
Let's hurry. Come on, let's go.
-Bye.
-This way.
[Chun-jae] Goodbye, Du-sik.
Goodbye, Dr. Yoon!
[Hwa-jeong] Goodness.
[overlapping dialogue]
-I think I was the most natural.
-Why'd you do that?
-Because I'm a singer. That's what we do.
-Ooh.
-You were most awkward.
-That's not true at all.
You sounded like you're reading!
[screams]
Are you insane? Tell me you are.
That's our cue sheet you're crumpling up.
I was trying to make
a good paper airplane.
Are you joking?
Go take a walk and get it together.
-[Seong-hyeon] Fine.
-I'll smack you again.
Gosh, you're so strong.
[sighs]
What?
Are you looking for JUNE?
Oh no. We Hackers respect privacy.
You don't truly expect me
to believe it, do you?
No, but is JUNE there?
Uh-uh, he's somewhere else. He's resting.
-[Seong-hyeon laughs]
-Ah, darn it.
I should've come in earlier.
I would have seen him leaving.
Darn it.
-Oh, Hye-jin?
-There's a harbor.
[Seong-hyeon] Why is she with Chief Hong?
-…the fish market that way…
-You can't go.
-Why not?
-Dr. Yoon's parents are visiting,
and he's pretending he's her boyfriend.
Awesome, right?
Wha… What are they doing? But why?
-I don't know.
-Hye-jin!
Seong-hyeon, hi.
Aren't you filming right now?
And who's this?
Nice to meet you.
I'm Hye-jin's senior from college.
Ji Seong-hyeon.
[Tae-hwa] I see. Hello.
That name. I recognize it.
Goodness. Aren't you that famous director?
Thank you for recognizing me.
[Tae-hwa] Wait. Do you know him?
[Myeong-sin] Of course.
He directed all my favorite shows.
[Tae-hwa] Really? Wow.
It's nice to meet you.
It's an honor to meet you, Father.
He called me father.
[chuckles]
-That's wonderful to hear.
-[Myeong-sin] That's wonderful to hear.
How formal.
Aren't you busy? Shouldn't you be filming?
-You're filming?
-Sir, we're taking a break right now.
Would you like to come in?
I can give you a tour.
We can't right now.
-We need to meet some other friends.
-[Tae-hwa] Could we?
I'd love to see a film set.
Oh, great. No problem. Do come in.
-This way.
-Yeah, let's go.
[Du-sik] I'm actually their crew's guide.
-[Hye-jin] Seong-hyeon.
-Yeah?
-[Du-sik] Hi, Ms. Wang.
-So this whole thing is confusing.
It's okay. I heard about it.
It will be fine. I'll go along, all right?
-[chuckles]
-Okay.
[sighs]
My God.
-The living room.
-Oh.
Oh, there's another camera. So many
cameras. How many cameras are there?
I saw how these cameras followed
your movement. Very sophisticated.
-They're not filming us, are they?
-Don't worry, we turned them off.
-Have a seat.
-Okay.
Would you like iced coffee or something?
Oh, that would be great.
Coffee on an empty stomach?
-[clears throat]
-Would you prefer, uh, tea or--
No, coffee would be great.
[sighs]
Why did you say that?
Hye-jin, it's hot out there, no?
Come inside.
Uh, no, it's okay. It's all right.
Let her be. She works inside every day.
You know, I'm sure
she needs some sunlight and vitamin D.
[clears throat]
I take plenty of supplements, so…
Why? If you can absorb it naturally?
Give your liver a break.
God, I took things.
-All right. Hye-jin, sit down.
-[Du-sik] Whoa.
[Seong-hyeon] Aah. Here you go.
[groans]
Here you go.
-Hye-jin, this is for you.
-Thank you.
Cover your legs with this.
[Hye-jin] Oh. Oh, thanks.
-Uh, what about…
-Okay, so try some of these.
I brought them from Seoul.
Since they're vegan-friendly,
they're not sweet and easy to digest.
Don't vegans refrain from eating meat?
Bread doesn't have meat, does it?
[chuckles]
So, um, the bread--
[Du-sik] That's not what he meant.
There are levels to vegetarianism.
Flexitarians
occasionally consume some meat.
Pescatarians consume fish but not meat.
And uh, Vegans are the strictest
and even refrain
from consuming milk or eggs.
So simply put, this bread
doesn't contain any milk or eggs.
[mutters indistinctly]
Please enjoy them. They're very light.
I'm sure you'll love them.
You know, Dad, let's leave after having
some bread, okay? He's got to go to work.
Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I know he's very busy.
Oh, that's okay.
She just doesn't want to inconvenience me.
She's been like that since college.
By the way, we met through an elective
we were both taking at that time.
-Ah, nice.
-Aah.
She prepared really thoroughly
for our group project
and even presented for us.
And she gave a wonderful presentation.
It just popped!
[laughs]
-She left everyone speechless.
-Really?
-Did you know about her skills arguing?
-Oh, yeah, she's a feisty one.
-[sighs]
-[chuckles]
I was never like that. What do you mean?
Please tell us.
What type of student was she in college?
Ah, Hye-jin, let's see.
She was studious
and worked hard for the scholarship.
-Mm.
-[Seong-hyeon] And…
she was a wonderful dancer, truly.
-She was?
-[Seong-hyeon chuckles]
Don't tell them that.
I only danced once.
-Stop it.
-You were good at this. Yeah, you go.
Woo-woo!
[Seong-hyeon laughs]
[Hye-jin] I won first place.
[laughter]
[Seong-hyeon] Mother, please visit
our TV station next time.
I'll give you a tour.
-[Myeong-sin] Do you mean it?
-Of course.
We shouldn't bother you anymore.
[Seong-hyeon] If you want, I can get
you tickets to Gag Big League.
[gasps]
Really? Oh, that's my favorite show.
-[Du-sik] Hm.
-[gasps]
Mm. It's so strange
how nobody ever eats the last piece.
[exhales deeply]
-Umm. Oh, dear.
-Oh.
-Are you okay?
-I'll get some paper towels, okay.
It's okay. I have some wet wipes.
[Tae-hwa] You should've been more careful.
-[Hye-jin] Here you go.
-[Myeong-sin] Thank you.
Sir. Sir, we should start again.
Yeah, all right. Just give me a minute.
Huh.
So nice to meet you.
Sorry, we have to rush you out.
That's fine. Thank you for the tour.
I'll tell my friends
to watch your show, all right?
Thank you, ma'am.
Have a safe trip home, okay?
I'll officially introduce myself
next time.
-Okay.
-Bye. I'll call you later. Let's go.
-Bye.
I know what's happening.
You got to treat them well.
Of course.
I'm a professional playing a role
as her boyfriend. That means, you're not.
Du-sik… God, ugh. I never realized
how annoying that guy is…
And you surprised me too.
I have been wondering
where our lucky charm went,
it was in her purse.
Uh…
Director Ji, I have
a pretty big mortgage payment.
And I have to be able to feed my cats.
Let's do this.
Mm-hm.
-Understood.
-[Ji-won] Okay.
I got it.
[car approaching]
[Eun-cheol] Ms. Pyo.
Hey!
Waiting for someone?
Oh… I was just killing time, you know?
Because I don't think
I should be at my house right now.
Huh? What do you mean?
It's boring. It's, uh…So are you…
Are you working now? Where are you going?
I was patrolling. But now,
-I'm delivering for the food bank.
-Oh!
I'll go. I'd love to help you volunteer.
Oh, no. That's okay.
You don't have to do that.
I want to.
I have nothing better to do anyway.
This is wonderful.
I'm helping those in need.
Can I get in?
What are these?
[Eun-cheol] They're lunch boxes.
Oh.
Oh, this is my first time
riding in the back of a cop car.
The seat feels really strange.
Why is that?
It's got an enamel to make it waterproof.
Drunk citizens sometimes throw up
or relieve themselves.
That happens back here?
Don't worry. There was an incident
last night, but I cleaned it all up, so…
[Mi-seon] Oh, I see.
[whimsical music playing]
-Give me a minute.
-Huh?
[tires screeching]
[Mi-seon grunting]
[Mi-seon groans]
[breathes heavily]
[siren blares]
License plate 8736,
you made an illegal U-turn.
Please pull over.
-Just a sec, stay here.
-Okay.
[car door opens]
[car door closes]
He looks even more handsome
when he's working.
Thank you.
He's driving me crazy.
-Ah, so sorry about that.
-No, it's fine.
Did you just give him a ticket?
He went over the centerline which
is a 30 points and a 60,000-won fine.
I see.
You should be penalized.
Huh?
You have completely invaded my heart.
As for the penalty, let's call it even
with the chicken you bought.
Let's get together.
I think you're being irresponsible.
What?
We don't even know one another.
We really just met.
In these modern times I know it's become
normal for people to date fast.
It's not the way I like to do things.
We barely know each other.
I'm just a little old-fashioned that way.
I hope you understand what I'm saying.
Yeah.
Uh, oh, I just…
just remembered that I have
somewhere to be right now.
But I promise,
next time I will help deliver the…
[Mi-seon chuckles]
Oh, my God.
The rear doors don't open from the inside.
I see. Darn it.
Okay. Thanks so much.
[car door closes]
[somber music playing]
Hye-jin, does Seong-hyeon
have a girlfriend?
Seong-hyeon? I don't think so.
Really? I'm surprised.
He seems like a decent guy.
-Yeah.
-[Du-sik] Over here.
It's nice and cozy.
It's not too big, not too small.
-[Du-sik] Right?
-Really?
I chose this place and I did
all of the renovations myself.
What a bragger.
What? I'm sorry, what was that?
Oh, Hye-jin, I want you to
take good care of the orchids.
Oh, yeah. I will.
Oh, you're one to talk.
We know you've let a few of them die.
What kind of orchids?
Oriental. You wouldn't know, I'm sure.
Those are noble orchids.
To make them bloom, you need to maintain
the temperature well during winter.
How did you do it? What did you use?
What do you take me for?
I kept them inside the house.
[Du-sik] Oh, dear. The temperature
must've been too high.
In winter, it's best that they stay
at temperatures between around 5
and 15 degrees Celsius for about
60 consecutive days so they bloom.
Huh? Yeah, well, I thought
that they would freeze outside.
I see.
By the way, how do you know
so much about growing orchids?
It was my job in the military.
Sir.
Is that actually a thing?
Yes. I grew trees and flowers
that they would use for all their events.
-Oh.
-[Tae-hwa clears throat]
Look.
I'm also growing Jeju Island boat orchids.
Boat orchids… Let me think about…
So, boat orchids live in shaded forests.
They want warm air. And you have
to give them enough water and fertilizer.
-I mean, their sunlight is important.
-Aah.
-Hello.
-[Tae-hwa] Hello.
Do you want to go upstairs?
Sure. It has the best view.
This way.
Does he like to play go?
I don't know.
Oh, your dad loves it. He spends
hours studying game records.
-Hey.
-Hey, Chief Hong.
-How are ya? Who won?
-Good.
It was close, but I did.
[Du-sik] Oh! Is that right?
I'm sorry.
I-jun, don't be sorry.
Why are you still here?
Buy him some jjajangmyeon.
All right. How about it, champ?
-Let's go eat.
-Okay.
Come on.
-Add some tangsuyuk too.
-Got it.
I won't go easy on you next time.
-[I-jun] Yeah.
-[man] See you, guys.
Let's go.
Care for a game?
Huh? Do you play?
Let's play and you'll find out.
-All right.
-Great. Come on, we'll see what you got.
-Oh, uh…
-[gasps]
[Hye-jin] You're gonna do that right now?
-Oh, but we came here for lunch
-[Myeong-sin] Oh, dear.
Uh, let's see…
[chuckles softly]
[Hwa-jeong chuckles]
Here.
Uh, I think we'll wait
until after they're done playing.
Sure. I should've just opened
a board game center instead.
I can't believe
I-jun knows how to play go.
And he does traditional painting.
He would have made a name for himself
if he were born during the Joseon Dynasty,
I bet he'll be successful.
Oh, you're the successful one.
You must be very proud of your daughter.
Yes.
[chuckles]
By the way, you look so young.
-I'll be back in a little bit.
-Okay.
Are you feeling all right?
Oh, it's nothing. I'll be fine.
You keep drinking water.
Are you just parched or…
Um, I…
I met with a doctor.
It's burning mouth syndrome.
Uh…
So your mouth feels hot, you're saying?
Pretty much all the time or…
Yeah. Only a little bit.
I'm sure it'll be okay.
Hmm.
Here. Try this.
Oh, thanks. Thanks so much.
[Hye-jin] You need to keep your mouth
hydrated at all times.
Try candy or gum or something to
produce saliva. That would help.
I'll, uh, I'll get you some more water.
That's okay, uh…
[tranquil music playing]
I think you should know,
I've always had free jjajangmyeon.
I was able
to feed myself with my go skills.
[suspenseful music playing]
Can you move that piece back?
Nah, uh-uh. No. What do you take me for?
Old age is affecting my eyes.
Don't you have any respect?
I believe it's unfair
to mention your age during a match.
Uh, just forget it.
Father, are you sulking?
No, absolutely not.
And also, why are you calling me that?
What name should I be using for you? Pop?
[clears throat]
Fine. I'll move it.
-Just this once. Just to be nice.
-Uh, forget it.
Here. I'm moving it back just for you.
Come on now.
It's your move. The piece is where it was.
Oh, that's what you wanted.
In that case…
[Cho-hui] Yeong-guk.
[Yeong-guk] Oh, Cho-hui.
[chuckles]
I just came by because I wanted
to just make sure you were good.
Take this.
Vitamin C. It's good for you, so…
You didn't have to do this.
Uh…
I don't think I should invite you in,
but we can talk right here now.
Oh, you wanna talk? Just us?
-Oh, great.
-[Cho-hui] Yeah.
I'm bored out of my mind.
What do you mean you're bored?
I grilled some fish for you.
You're enjoying it. Just relax.
You see,
it's tastier when you're gossiping.
Anything interesting to talk about?
Bad habit you got yourself.
Here's something interesting.
It's Mr. Chang and Ms. Yu.
Oh, my God. This is going to be good.
Hey, you're here. Have a seat.
Don't do that!
[camera phone shutter clicks]
[Chun-jae clears throat]
What would you like…
Ah, okay. Yeah, sure.
[phone chimes]
-[Du-sik] All right.
-Oh.
-This way.
-[Tae-hwa clears throat]
-You boys done playing?
-Yes.
So who won?
Oh, well…
You want some fish?
Oh, yeah, that'll be great. We'll have
a big feast. I know I can count on you.
Okay. I'll prepare something delicious.
Thanks. Is there anything you want…
Hey. It's not my fault you lost.
Are you gonna keep sulking?
Wait up, Father. Gosh.
-Wait for me.
-[phone chimes]
NAM-SUK
She's not picking up her phone.
I can't hear what they're saying.
You see, Cho-hui.
There's something I want to tell you.
-Listen carefully.
-Uh.
"To the love of my life.
I will never forget you
until my very last breath.
I know my chance will never come."
-Hey, what?
-He started reciting her a poem.
Reciting poetry? Oh, my God. Lunatic.
"Please stay beautiful as you are
and always will be."
Is that Yi Sang?
Ha.
Yes, Cho-hui. You and I click so well
that I think we must be soulmates.
The reason
I recited his poem to you
is that I… I still… I like--
Let me.
Yes?
[murmurs]
-What?
-[Chun-jae] I can't hear well.
I can't either.
[Cho-hui] You've been so good to me
ever since we first met.
I'm so grateful for that.
[Yeong-guk chuckles]
-Don't mention it.
-And yet…
my feelings for you aren't romantic.
I'm sorry.
[exhales deeply]
[murmurs]
[Cho-hui] I really hope we can continue
being good friends.
Is this because of Hwa-jeong?
Uh… What?
You're turning me down because of…
because of her, right?
Is that the problem?
No, that's not it.
It has nothing to do with her.
I should be getting home right now.
[somber music playing]
[door opens, closes]
[Du-sik] Ah, she prepared
all kinds of good seafood for us.
Look at this.
-[chuckles]
-Father, try this one.
An amazing… aftertaste's tremendous.
No, thanks.
Honey, are you upset you lost the game?
Gosh, you're just so competitive.
What? Ms. Dentist is the same.
Impossibly stubborn.
You take after your old man, huh?
-You're wrong.
-[Myeong-sin chuckles]
[Myeong-sin] Of course, she does.
Like father, like daughter.
Gosh. I've noticed from the beginning,
although you guys aren't close at all.
-[clears throat]
-Does it even matter when you're family?
Oh, it does matter.
It's still a relationship, right?
Mother, I have an idea.
There's this ice breaker game
called Two Truths and One Lie.
They should play that, right?
-Hey, stop it. You're being so annoying.
-They should--
Now it's awkward.
But eating will fix everything.
Okay. Father, try some of this.
Here. Aah.
No. I don't eat those slimy things.
Oh, I forgot about that.
He won't eat seafood.
[Du-sik] Goodness. You're all about the
sauce when having raw fish, aren't you?
Just trust me, have a little bitty bite.
You are going to appreciate
the awesomeness of seafood.
Let's hear why would I trust
someone like you?
Because…
we just played go together, that's why.
[scoffs]
My grandfather used to say,
"Playing go brings people together."
He said being able
to play the game together
means you're already good friends.
I would agree.
What? Does that mean
you're friends now, huh?
Ridiculous.
-All right, open up. Aah.
-No.
[Du-sik] Aah.
Good.
There you go. It's a little bit salty
and then, yeah, a little sour, yeah?
It seems like you like it.
How are we doing? It's amazing, isn't it?
Um. Well, not bad, I guess.
Okay. That was sea squirts.
Now are spoon worms.
No. That's way too disgusting.
I understand you're hesitant but just--
-[Tae-hwa] No way.
-[Du-sik] Come on.
-I don't want to.
-Oh, just… Come on.
-[Myeong-sin] Try it.
-No! I don't want to try it.
-[Du-sik] Try it.
[Myeong-sin] Try it. It tastes good.
[Tae-hwa] No, I don't want to.
[Hye-jin] It's strange.
This is their first time meeting.
So how does he seem to blend in so well?
How does he make us feel so comfortable?
[Du-sik] Now, the spoon worms.
[Hye-jin] How does
he warm our hearts like that?
-[Tae-hwa] I really can't eat that.
-[Du-sik] The texture is--
[Tae-hwa] No. It disgusts me.
I don't like raw food.
I can't believe you finished two bowls.
It's surprising for someone
who eats like a bird.
It's because I have the whole family here.
The best meals are with family.
-Yeah, that's true.
-[Myeong-sin chuckles]
By the way,
it seems that this is your hometown.
Do your parents live here as well?
No, sir. They both passed away
when I was quite young.
-Really?
-[Du-sik] Yes.
Do you have any family--
All right, Pa, that's a private matter.
[Du-sik] No, it's okay.
My grandfather passed away
when I was in middle school.
He was all I had.
-Goodness. You must've been lonely.
-[Du-sik chuckles]
No. The folks are amazing in this town.
They've been my family.
Ah, you're ready for something else?
-How about some coffee?
-Sure.
That sounds good.
That's okay.
Why not?
Let's have some coffee before we go.
We better go now and avoid the traffic.
[Du-sik] Right. It's the weekend.
We can pick up some coffee to go and well,
-you can drink it on your way back.
-No, thanks.
We'll be fine.
Dad, don't be…
I'll just go into the restroom, okay?
Okay.
[Du-sik whistles]
Dad, what's going on?
What's the matter with you?
Were you aware
that he had no family? He's an orphan.
"Orphan"? Why are you being so difficult?
He had a family. He just lost them.
-It's not his fault his parents died.
-It's not good.
What?
I have nothing personal against the man,
-you shouldn't be seeing him, though.
-Stop it.
No parent would be supportive of
someone with no family
dating their children!
[Tae-hwa] Honey, calm down.
Break up before it goes any further.
You haven't been dating long.
I don't want someone with a flaw like that
to be in my family.
[Hye-jin scoffs]
Then maybe I have a flaw. At least
according to what you're saying.
What?
I lost my mom when I was little.
On top of that, I have a stepmom.
Hey, Hye-jin!
[Hye-jin] I have a flaw too.
What happened to him
was out of his control.
[sighs]
[clears throat]
[exhales deeply]
Damn it.
[Du-sik] You even smoke?
You do everything that's unhealthy.
Don't live by nagging people.
I'm sorry.
With or without you present,
I shouldn't have said what I said.
She's definitely your daughter.
She also admits her mistakes very quickly.
It's not an excuse, you know.
but she was pretty lonely
when she was little.
After her mother died,
I began to really hit the bottle.
[somber music playing]
[Tae-hwa] I was a neglectful father.
JIHYE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL
Never once did I pack her backpack.
Thanks to my negligence,
she grew up too fast.
I'm leaving. Bye-bye, Daddy.
[Tae-hwa] I'll carry that guilt
with me forever.
It's not that I don't like you.
I know it's selfish to expect someone else
to do what I couldn't.
But I hope she marries into a big family
so she won't be lonely ever again.
And receives all the love
I didn't give her.
I believe you have that all wrong.
Hye-jin…
received a bunch of love.
If she hadn't, she…
she wouldn't be able to give
to others so much love.
Ah, it's nice out.
I apologize for what I said.
It was wrong of me.
It's okay. Your father
was the one out of control.
Hye-jin.
It's what parents do.
To be frank, well,
he was completely unfair.
Yet, it's hard to be objective
when it comes to your children.
It's easy to spot other people's flaws,
yet when it comes to your own kids,
it's common to be blindly biased.
I promise I'll let him
have it later, all right?
So don't resent him too much.
That'd be a cruel punishment
for someone who adores you.
Oh, please.
We visited at least
a dozen flower shops
before buying those orchids.
Hmm.
I want something meaningful and rare.
Something that brings
success, good health,
and some luck.
[Myeong-sin] The wallpaper
on his phone is you as a little girl.
[chattering on TV]
I heard it's really pouring
in Gangwon Province.
I'm worried about Hye-jin.
Call her up if you're worried.
[Tae-hwa] I heard there will be a typhoon.
[Myeong-sin] He doesn't care
about the weather back home,
but he always knows
what the weather is down here.
That's not all.
When we're at home, he's quiet.
But when with others he boasts about you.
He won't shut up.
Drives all his friends crazy.
Hye-jin.
You guys butt heads.
It might seem like there's distance,
however, he has nothing but love for you.
[dramatic music playing]
So you like her a lot?
Yeah.
The thing is…
I really just like her as a friend.
Aren't you her boyfriend?
No, I'm not. We're, uh, just friends.
I lied just to cover up
the misunderstanding.
Nothing you worried about
happened between us.
-I apologize.
-What?
So you're not her boyfriend then?
Is that true?
Yeah.
That's all I wasn't honest about.
She's a warmhearted person, you know?
That's why I…
hope she finds someone
just as loving as she is, truly.
You know…
that person could be you.
HWAJEONG RAW FISH RESTAURANT
-Oh, you came out. Thank you.
-[clears throat]
Um, maybe we get a snack?
We just did.
Oh, right.
Well, maybe, how about some coffee?
[clears throat]
I prefer tea.
We seriously don't get along.
What an awkward relationship they have.
Really? I think it's nice.
Wait up.
Let me take you
to a place that serves good tea.
But to be frank, I make the best tea.
All right.
-Gosh.
-All right.
All right.
Okay.
You can't be late again.
Mm. Aren't you tutoring today?
[Hye-jin] Yeah.
They're siblings.
They never listen, though.
Really? Call me if you need help.
I'm pretty good with kids, you know.
I used to wanna teach preschool.
Don't lie to me.
Seriously.
[chuckles]
-Really?
-Oh, yeah.
That's cute.
I'm going to the restroom, be right back.
Sure.
[light music playing]
ROMAGNA
"I have an extra ticket, Hye-jin.
If you would…
A musical, it's gonna be good.
It would be fun if we went, Hye-jin.
They sing like…"
[vocalizing]
[Gang-uk] Hye-jin.
-Oh, Gang-uk.
-What are you doing here?
I'm having coffee with my friend.
[Gang-uk] Hey, Seong-hyeon.
Hey, Gang-uk.
What a small world.
I was actually gonna introduce her to you,
but I guess you know my girlfriend.
[Hye-jin] Wait.
Do you two know each other?
Oh, uh…
[Gang-uk] We're friends from high school.
I didn't tell you?
Aah.
No way. This is crazy.
-Yeah, it is.
-What a small world.
Yeah, crazy. You guys… Cute couple.
I can't believe this.
[In-u] Here.
-[JUNE] Done?
-[In-u] Yes.
Gosh.
-[JUNE] Here you go.
-[sighs]
-It doesn't fit.
-Let's make it again.
-No, it's too late.
-Just make it again!
It's never too late!
I'm just saying that it's not too late
even if you think it's too late.
So just stop goofing around
and do it again.
Don't look at me.
-Don't look.
-What's wrong with you?
[dog barking in distance]
[Seong-hyeon] A dog is barking.
[Myeong-sin]
We had a blast today, thanks to you.
It was my pleasure.
I also had fun, thanks to you.
Now, about that coffee spill on
your shirt, rub it with some baking soda,
detergent mixed with vinegar,
or you could just scrub it
with club water.
You sure would make a brilliant housewife.
-[Du-sik and Myeong-sin laughs]
-You know it all, huh?
Dad, please drive safely, all right?
All right. Yeah.
Father, don't hesitate to pull over
if you get drowsy.
It can be dangerous.
Hey. Can you come here a minute?
Yeah?
Oh, okay. I wonder
what he wants to tell me.
-Closer.
-What is it?
Ah. I get ticklish
when someone whispers in my ear.
Okay, fine. What?
[Tae-hwa clears throat]
Why do you speak to me without respect?
Oh, yeah. You see, so that's a philosophy.
I think it's just more friendly
that way, you see?
I don't think it's friendly.
You little shit.
-Let's get going then.
-Have a safe trip back.
-Bye.
-[Hye-jin] Bye.
-What was that about?
-Huh?
-What?
-What? Oh, uh…
What did my dad…
What did he say to you?
You like him. It's on your face.
Hm?
You wanna stop off and get some snacks
if we get in some traffic?
I know you, you have a sweet tooth.
That's all right. I have a snack.
[Tae-hwa] What?
Why did you follow me
all the way here? You're being nosy.
Oh, well, I'm a very curious person.
You're not answering my question.
-I've always been very curious.
-[sighs]
Is this your boat?
Yeah.
Why did you bring it up here?
I mean, how did you even get it up here?
I tried a truck and even thought about
a helicopter.
It's very difficult.
Finally, I succeeded.
But why do it in the first place?
Boats belong in the ocean.
I wanted it to appreciate a different view
since it had been sailing all its life.
It actually belonged to my grandfather.
Ah.
Well, you're definitely not normal.
You wasted money and time
for such a sentimental reason?
I was expecting for
some grand explanation.
So why would you live up here?
Are you picking a fight?
No, I'm asking out of curiosity.
What did you do during the time
after finishing college?
I mean, during those five years.
[sighs]
Okay. It's in the past now, fine.
It doesn't matter.
So at this point, is this a break for you?
I mean, I get it.
You get tired.
You can't run a marathon forever.
You came down here
to refresh yourself
and plan for the future.
This is temporary, right? I mean--
No, it isn't.
I'm going to live like this forever.
I'm perfectly all right.
Yeah, but why?
It's like you're wasting
perfectly good resources.
It's like playing Minesweeper
on a high-tech computer.
You're driving a sports car
across the rice paddy
instead of the highway.
Don't look down on the beauty
of simplicity Minesweeper has to offer.
And rice paddies look magnificent
on a summer night.
You have no idea.
Okay.
I was crazy thinking
we could have a normal conversation.
You'd be a pretty lunatic with a flower.
-[Hye-jin] No, thanks.
-[Du-sik chuckles]
[sighs]
[Du-sik] It's gonna be a long walk.
[groans]
All right. Goodbye, then.
[Du-sik grunts]
Oh. Darn it.
I'm mortified that I had
some kind of hope even for a moment.
Hey there, Mi-seon.
Tell me why you called Chief Hong over…
[whimsical music playing]
What happened?
I told Eun-cheol what I felt,
but he said no.
[sobs]
You'd be okay.
[dramatic music playing]
YOON DENTAL CLINIC
[phone buzzing]
Take the call. I'll take it from here.
I'm sorry.
[Mi-seon] Mom, I'm working.
What? Is it serious?
Oh! Where did you hurt yourself?
[Hye-jin] She put
her hand down as she fell.
Yes, it's a compound fracture.
Would she be able to have surgery
immediately?
Oh. Thanks so much.
Thank you.
Fortunately, my friend had
some time today,
she'll be able to operate.
Hey, don't worry. She'll be just fine.
I appreciate it.
[Hye-jin] Let's go to Seoul right now.
You wanna go?
Of course. We'll reschedule our afternoon.
Yeah, but Ms. Lee has an appointment.
-That poor woman's crown fell out.
-[sighs]
[Mi-seon] She needs to get that treated.
I'll be okay alone. You should stay.
All right, just go straight
to Seoul in the taxi.
No. My dad and Hyeon-seon are there.
I'll be just fine on the bus.
I should get going.
Call me when you arrive, okay?
-Okay.
-All right.
The bus station.
[Hye-jin] Oh, my goodness.
What do you--
Do you need something, Eun-cheol?
Where is she off to right now?
Uh…
[Eun-cheol] Ms. Pyo!
Officer Choi. What are you doing?
Get in the car. I'm taking you.
Huh?
Let's go.
Thank you. How did you know?
[Seong-hyeon sighs]
You're going back to Seoul today?
Mm-hm. I'm coming back next week.
Try focusing a bit more on making
the subtitles more clear.
I think sometimes it can be a bit unclear
compared to other shows.
[sighs]
You're just full of ideas.
Yeah. My pleasure.
Well, did Mr. and Mrs. Yoon got home safe?
I think so.
I was just checking,
just because I'm curious.
You finished with the job now?
Mm. Worked seven hours, got paid.
It was a great success.
Really? Why does it feel like
the job is still happening, then?
Yeah, well, maybe it is.
Have a safe trip.
Oh, God.
I came out for a quiet walk.
Why are you tagging along?
You're a leech?
Hey, I'm also just trying to exercise.
I have to maintain my figure,
you know that.
Here we go. Isn't that Yeong-guk?
Yeong-guk!
You. Go somewhere.
-Why?
-Shh.
What's going on?
You know you can't hold your liquor.
That's why I've only had one sip.
One more and you'll die.
Just go home and go to bed.
This is all your fault.
She doesn't wanna be with me
and it's all because of you.
It really is too bad you failed
to win her heart.
Though I believe
it's unfair to blame me for it.
I can't believe you're saying it.
Did you forget three years ago?
You wanted a divorce because
my socks were inside out.
I promised I would never do it again.
I begged and begged your forgiveness,
but no, you kicked me out that day.
I couldn't believe you would do that.
But I accepted it. You know why?
Because you said you are
unable to live with me anymore.
I did everything you wanted me to.
So why do you keep getting in my way?
You will never know
why I wanted a divorce you, Yeong-guk.
Fine. Let's keep it that way forever.
I'm fine with that.
[Yeong-guk] Hey, Hwa-jeong.
What does that mean?
Why are you telling me
there was some other reason?
You can't leave like this. Do you want me
suffering the rest of my life--
-Hey!
-Oh!
Get back! You can't just grab
her arm like an animal!
You're a civil servant.
There's no reason
to be that rough with people!
I only grabbed her
because I wanted to talk.
Besides, I've always had a weak grip,
she's beaten me in arm-wrestling
every time.
-Right?
-Yeah. He's a baby kitten.
Don't forget that I have
eyes everywhere, man.
Oh.
And why did you bring up
Cho-hui? Ah, you're pathetic.
Hwa-jeong!
Ooh!
Hey.
I'll pretend I wasn't here.
Yeah, right.
Yeah.
I can't promise you that.
It's better if you talk it out.
If you keep bottling up
your emotions, pushing them down,
it'll make you sick.
I think that talking
is a lot like taking a poop.
You need to relieve yourself
regularly to stay healthy.
[both chuckle]
Let's get my girl healthy.
[laughs]
[dramatic music playing]
[phone buzzing]
Hey, Seong-hyeon.
[Seong-hyeon] Hey, where are you?
Uh, just leaving the clinic.
I'm walking home.
Ah. I'm driving back to Seoul.
I was in a hurry to get back
so I didn't have time to say goodbye.
Oh, that's okay.
You were busy. I understand.
You're coming back anyway.
Mm-hm.
So, Hye-jin.
[Hye-jin] Yes?
The next time I come down there,
can we meet up?
Yeah, of course.
Yeah, we'll get together.
Cool. That'd be great.
I do have something to tell you.
[Hye-jin] What?
Oh. They fixed the streetlight.
[Du-sik] It's finally working.
Are you glad
that you could fix the streetlamp today?
Mm. I feel very good.
You put off such a simple task.
An IT powerhouse
should always keep the people safe.
Yeah, whatever.
Wait, I have complaints to read to you.
Listen carefully. Number one.
Why is there no Wi-Fi
at the community center?
The elderly enjoy watching videos online.
Number two. The garbage bags…
[Seong-hyeon] Hello?
Hye-jin, are you there?
Oh! Yeah, I'm here.
Uh, okay. Let me know when you're back.
It's my turn to pay.
Okay. See you real soon.
[Hye-jin] Okay. Drive safely.
Mm-hm.
Okay. I won't be late again.
[light music playing]
[Du-sik] She's a warmhearted person,
you know.
That's why I…
hope she finds someone
just as loving as she is, truly.
[Tae-hwa] You know,
that person could be you.
[romantic music playing]
MEDICAL CHART
[doctor] It seems like
you're sleeping better now.
At this rate,
I think we can lower the dosage.
Okay.
Okay. Great.
Today,
we're going to get
to the root of your fear.
Do you still feel…
that those around you…
[woman 1] Goodness.
What an unfortunate boy.
As if losing his parents wasn't enough,
he lost his grandpa too.
Oh, goodness.
[woman 2] I guess it's true that some
people bring death to those around them.
[somber music playing]
[doctor] So everyone you've loved
has left you?
[Du-sik] Yes.
And it's my fault.
[sobs]
It's because of me.
["Romantic Sunday"
by Car, the Garden playing]
[sighs]
-I'm so scared.
-[breathing heavily]
[Hye-jin] Chief Hong.
-[Du-sik] Would you like to say hello?
-Hello.
I'm Hye-jin Yoon. Nice to meet you.
Gosh.
[Mi-seon] You keep talking about Gongjin
as if all roads lead there.
Du-sik, life may seem really long,
but it isn't.
[Hye-jin pants]
Chief Hong.
Fourteen years I've regretted
not telling you how I feel and…
the decision I've come to is this.
I really like you, Hye-jin.